---
title: "Week #4"
---

# Hardware report

## External Feedback:

We had several discussions with multiple factories that represent a
potential client and they expressed their interest in the product as it
could reduce life risks for workers and save their working time, but
they also expressed their worries about the weight lifting capabilities
and safety of workers regarding electric circuits.

## Testing:

To ensure the stability of the electric circuit we ensured to take
measure of power consumption of each component and the ability of the
wires to withstand the current drawn from the batteries. We also made
sure the compatibility of the mobile platform with different other motor
models with higher power so that users can customize the lifting
abilities of their mobile platform.

## Iteration:

Our project started to go through an iteration process almost from the
start, since it's more dependent on a physical representation. While
receiving feedback from customers and analyzing our progress, we decided
to edit some parts to withstand higher loads and to make sure that
components will be fixed correctly.

To start with, batteries are one of the crucial components for
autonomous robots' durability and high performance and therefore should
be accessible any time with ease. That is why we decided to create a
better design for battery holders for users' comfort and safety.

Also after running several simulations we decided to enhance the
durability of some components by changing their materials (such as
transferring from different types of plastics PLA to PA-CF).

We discussed how these problems should be solved, and later work on
additional stress-tests to fully meet the customer expectations.

## Progress report:

This week our team was focused on running testing, while continuing
development, which allowed us to focus in different directions of our
overall work.

For now our biggest problem, excluding ones stated before, is the
availability of the certain parts on the market. Our team is currently
working on finding new ways to buy it in the shortest period of time or
getting alternatives that could replace unavailable details. In regard
to all the other tasks we finished all our plans for this week and look
forward to next week's challenges.
